Initial Planning (Phase 1)
Reference Papers:
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0960148118310516

Overall System Requirements
Mechanical, Electrical, Vision/Software

Must generate net power, to be stored in an appropriate battery
Peak wattage draw must not exceed average power generated by solar panel.

Mechanical System Requirements
Accommodate the equipment necessary for the operation of the unit 
Electrical - PCBs (if necessary), Servos/Motors/Actuators
Vision - Camera 
Mechanical - Gears
Photovoltaic Cell
Protect the necessary equipment against any environmental hazards, including but not limited to:
Wind 
Rain
Other inclement weather
Maintain stability on level ground.
Applies to windy conditions as well.
Must be modular and fit into a volume of TBD
All mechanical components to be 3D printed for ease of manufacturing and rapid prototyping.

Electrical System Requirements
Enable control of the solar panel by sending the appropriate pulse through the 2 PWM servos (subject to change).
One servo will control the azimuth, while the other will control the attitude.
Filter and formulate the input delivered by the camera system through the use of a Teensy or Arduino Microcontroller.
Understand and filter the current position and orientation of the solar cell using an IMU (inertial measurement unit), and calculate the cosine error between the orientation of the solar cell and the sun vector.
Firmware related to all control mechanisms is to be written in C++.

Vision/Software Requirements
Track the position of the sun across the sky in weather with at most some cloud cover using a light-weight deep-learning vision model, with input from a 480p/720p camera. 
Activate a fall-back (non-ML) algorithm in the event of unsuccessful DL tracking, such as in heavy rain or overcast clouds.
All software, including firmware, must not exceed the memory and storage capacity of the microcontroller.
Code for the Deep Learning model is to be written in C++ if possible. However, if it permits, it can also be written in Python, using its more powerful and easy-to-understand libraries. 
Track wattage generation and usage data for the purposes of comparison between algorithmic and deep-learning modes.


Preliminary Design (Phase 2)

Current Todos
Mechanical
Select appropriate solar panel based on wattage requirements
Select appropriate energy storage solution (battery)
Create initial design sketches
Create the preliminary mechanical design, based on the choice of electrical components such as servos and microcontrollers
Initial FEA analysis on the effects of wind as well as stability
Waterproofing / Rain check, especially for sensitive electrical components
Electrical

Software / Vision
Research for best lightweight models to run on microcontrollers
Yolov5 exists as pre-existing model in LibRT Google Library
Find perfect dataset
WebScraping from Google
Training phase 
Yolov5 Results
Accuracy : 
Loss : 
Pros : 
Cons :
		
Testing phase (⅓)



